so useful is easy to cook on TV there's
talented producers that can edit errs
and there's all sorts of things that
make you look good
you know before any TV came anywhere
near my career I've mastered my craft
you'll see a side to me across this
class that I don't think has ever been
shown before
nice skills the basics are so important
three fingers down and this beautiful
knuckle is the guiding light across that
knife cooking salmon so the secret is to
score the skin that stops the fish from
buckling up you can't pick up the
world's best cookbook and understand you
need to do it
mmm delicious everything I've learned
understood stolen perfected is laid bare
across this master class for the first
time ever you had learn how to cook
those ingredients from start to finish
I've just spent the last 30 years
busting my ass off to get on the plate
what I'm about to show you and watch but
watch and carefully
I'm gone Ramsey and this is my master
class
you